**Bio/acc** fuels the underground movements, the alchemists of modern elixirs, the neglected patients, the torchbearers of ancient traditions, and the trailblazers of radical progress. Just as cypherpunk rebels liberate software from licenses to generate digital abundance, so biopunk rebels will liberate medicine from the sterile aisles of pharmacies to generate biological abundance. Bio/acc will render the notion of purchasing licensed drugs through pharmacies as optional as purchasing CD keys.

The advent of modern biotechnology, exemplified by techniques like CRISPR gene editing, mRNA techniques and bridge recombination, has transformed many biotech challenges into software-driven problems. This shift towards a more general-purpose, programmable approach to biology makes the field increasingly compatible with open-source methodologies that have proven highly successful in the open web.

We reject the ten-year, multi-billion-dollar drug development cycles; the precautionary genetic engineering paralysis conservatives; the medical-industrial complex that incentivizes treatments over cures; the establishment peddling addictive substances through the pharmaceutical matrix causing the opioid and amphetamine crisis. We reject the requiem for a dream.

We embrace a revolution in supply chains — direct, efficient, unencumbered. We believe that medicine can be produced at a fraction of current costs through global, open collaboration. Imagine living structures grown organically like trees, integrated with ultra-efficient solar cells that mimic photosynthesis using quantum biology breakthroughs, creating self-sustaining, energy-producing homes. Bio/acc is the clarion call for terrestrial abundance — an unwavering commitment to maximizing the flow of bio-innovation and capital for the greater good of all life.